ah what in the world was that maybe I
can use my other both of my phones
exploded what on Earth will I do when I
need to wake up in the morning aha
Nintendo has the answer the alarmo
Nintendo sound clock also known as alarm
clock what obviously my first thought
when I saw the press release was what a
weird thing for Nintendo to make right
but if you think about it Nintendo has
made all kinds of things that are not
games and game consoles and an alarm
clock far from the weirdest one let's
take a closer look I remember reading an
interview about it where they said they
wanted it to look more friendly and less
like a conventional alarm clock I'd say
they've probably achieved that you've
got a couple little rubberized feed on
the bottom a USBC power port a Nintendo
logo on the back what looks like a
speaker
Grill is this the snooze button man that
is an enticing looking snooze button and
the best part you don't even need to use
the snooze button it has a motion sensor
and you can just gesture at it in order
to snooze we'll talk a little bit more
about the motion sensor later but we've
also got a mail button and back button
let's get it set up Nintendo recommends
pointing it toward the center of the bed
and having it no more than 8 in above
the head of the sleeper this allows it
to use its motion sensor for a variety
of things it can track when you are in
bed so the alarm won't go off if you're
not home it can track your movement in
your sleep which Nintendo assures you is
never sent back to Nintendo's servers
and it can allow you to silence or
snooze your alarm by simply waving at it
from in the bed or getting up but there
is one small complication Belle if you
would if you happen to be a Nintendo
customer who isn't a child which
Nintendo stubbornly refuses to
acknowledge as a thing and you share
your bed with another person the motion
controls won't work because as no way
knowing which person is I don't know
waving at it or getting out of the bed
or doing whatever else but enough about
what it can't do let's see what it can
do using the power of our sponsor
Paradox who's featuring their new
turn-based strategy game Age of Wonders
4 while the end of the year feasts might
be conquering your stomach you can rule
over a Fantasy realm in this unique
Forex turn-based Extravaganza you can
control a huge variety of Empires and
unique races to dominate through cunning
alliances or with raw strength and with
their new event system the world
continuously evolves depending on your
actions the best part is you can play
for free from November 7th to 11th at
the link in the video description here
we go it comes with five games
pre-loaded what breath of the wild
Odyssey and I think ringfit adventure
and like two other ones but you can
download more and there's a little
tutorial here okay let's have a look we
twist the knob we push the knob oh
that's fun
select English yes the setting is okay
yes you can use the back button if you
want to go back to the previous screen I
sure can English is still okay
though and now it wants today's date
which in a world where time servers
exist and this is a smart device feels a
little bass Awards but sure turn the
dial to razor lower the
[Music]
volume that is not a very loud alarm
clock as someone who was a very sound
teenage sleeper place the clock on a
flat surface then move your body left
and right
okay uh all right Glenn things are about
to get a little complicated I think I
get the
coins come on come on Mario get the
coins yeah we thought other alarm clocks
were insufficient so we did
this did I get the coin I somehow got
the coin okay the clock's motion sensor
can tell when you move your
body try lying in bed and then press the
button for next how the hell am I
supposed to do that do I need a helper
to set this thing up I mean I guess I
probably have a parent to help me with
it right CU I had sleep alone kids and
forever alone that's the Nintendo
demographic there's two different modes
for the alarm it can either be at a
constant volume or it can escalate and
apparently there's different characters
that can show up to like try and Rouse
you if you're like snoozing it too many
times
oh I have to keep
moving sure next stop the Alarm by
getting out of bed I'm going to throw it
for a loop I'm going to get out this
way
hey all right it worked get back in bed
look at this thing you can't tell me
what to do you're not my real dad
alarmo this is the most fun I've ever
had setting up an alarm clock I will say
that okay that is one compl that I've
seen about this thing there's only one
alarm time supported so you can't just
like have multiple alarms for different
days of the week
which um really
anyway Links at a
campfire no way no question it's kind of
cute definitely cool but what I got to
know Belle how much does this thing
cost it costs
$100 100
bucks I feel like there are a lot of
different lenses I could look through
this from on the one hand $100 is very
expensive for functionality that you're
literally holding in your pocket right
now on the other hand for a first-party
Nintendo product I mean they've got
plastic statues that literally don't
have anything in them this was probably
more work than an amiibo and like an
amiibo I feel like it has more value as
a collectible than it does as a
functional product though with that said
Nintendo did put a shocking amount of
actual thought into it like they're
treating it like a real product even
though they kind of didn't really have
to do that another cool thing and I
don't take this for granted these days
is that no Nintendo account is required
in order to use the product we did set
one up so that we could download new
themes and stuff but you don't have to
which for a product that is clearly
intended mostly for kids is a definite
plus Nintendo is not a perfect company
but they are one that seems to take user
privacy at least reasonably seriously
beyond that there's not really much for
me to say if you're the kind of person
who wants one of these you already know
who you are and if you're the kind of
person who thinks this is phenomenally
stupid you know who you are too and I
know who I am I'm the guy who's going to
tell you guys to subscribe to Short
Circuit